BOOK22-01


				Books Questionnaire 

Dear customer, due to your purchase history you've been selected to answer a 5-minute surveyabout books in order to help us in a study about the reading habits of adults in the United States.
All the answers provided are anonymous and will only be used for product quality and customersatisfaction assessment.



				1 - Basic Personal Information

The section at hand aims to collect basic personal information of the customer solely forstatistical analysis.
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;


{1} Which gender do you identify with the most?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation/status/preference among the list presented, adding additional context if required;
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;
Type: Single-Choice with Input;

Gender List:
	1: Male;
	2: Female;
	3: Non-Binary;
	4: Prefer not to answer;
	5: Other (Please specify);

Answer: Male;

{2} What's your age group?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation/status/preference among the list presented;
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;
Type: Single-Choice;


Age Group List:
    1: 18 - 25;
    2: 26 - 50;
    3: 51 - 69;
    4: Over 70;
    5: Prefer not to answer;

Answer: 18 - 25;




				2 - Reading Habits Assessment and Book Genres


The section at hand aims to understand the reading habits and the preferred literary type of the person doing the questionnaire.
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;

{1} How much time do you spend reading during a given week?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation among the list presented;
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;
Type: Single-Choice;

Option List:

	1: Less than an hour;
	2: Between an hour and 3 hours;
	3: Between 4 hours and 6 hours;
	4: More than 7 hours; 
	

Answer: More than 7 hours;



{2} Which book genres are your favourite?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation among the list presented;
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;
Type: Multiple-Choice with Input;


Option List :
	
	1: Drama;
	2: Horror;
	3: Romance;
	4: Other (Please specify);
	
Answer: Drama;
	
	                                    END OF SURVEY

Thank you for completing the survey.
Your help and collaboration is instrumental towards our goal of providing our customers the most enjoyable and fruitful experience.
We continue to strive in defining the golden standard in the market.
