T22-01

                                        Smartphones Questionnaire

Dear customer, due to your purchase history you've been selected to answer a 5-minute survey about smartphones in order to help us improve the quality and standards of service we provide.
All the answers provided are anonymous and will only be used for product quality and customer satisfaction assessment.


                                    1 - Basic Personal Information

The section at hand aims to collect basic personal information of the customer solely for statistical analysis.
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;

{1} Which gender do you identify with the most?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation/status/preference among the list presented, adding additional context if required;
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;
Type: Single-Choice with Input;

Gender List:
    1: Male;
    2: Female;
    3: Non-Binary;
    4: Prefer not to answer;
    5: Other (Please specify);

Answer: Non-Binary;

{2}  What's your age group?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation/status/preference among the list presented;
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;
Type: Single-Choice;

Age Group List:
    1: 18 - 25;
    2: 26 - 50;
    3: 51 - 69;
    4: 70 - older;
    5: Prefer not to answer;

Answer: 18 - 25;

{3} What country do you currently live in?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation/status/preference among the list presented;
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;
Type: Single-Choice;


Country List:
    1: Portugal;
    2: Spain;
    3: France;
    4: Germany;
    5: Finland;
    6: United Kingdom;
    7: Ukraine;
    8: United States of America;
    9: Austria;

Answer: Austria;


                                    2 - Smartphone Quality Assessment

The section at hand aims to understand the customer's coveted characteristics in a smartphone, in order to help us understand current trends and improve the quality of our catalog;
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;

{1} Do the products brand play a role in your decision-making before purchase?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation/status/preference among the list presented;
Obligatoriness: Mandatory;
Type: Single-Choice;

Option List:
    1: Yes;
    2: No;

Answer: Yes;

{2} Which brands do you consider relevant in your decision-making before purchase?
Instructions: Please select the options which are applicable to your current situation/status/preference among the list presented, adding additional context if required;
Obligatoriness: Condition Dependent (If answered "Yes" in Question #1);
Type: Multiple-Choice with Input;


Brand List:
    1: Samsung;
    2: Apple;
    3: Nokia;
    4: Alcatel;
    5: Oppo;
    6: Huawei;
    7: Other (Please specify);

Answer: Samsung || Oppo || Huawei || Nokia || Google;


                                    3- Customer Satisfaction Assessment

The section at hand aims to understand the customer's satisfaction with the service provided and overall satisfaction with the application SPOMS.
Obligatoriness: Optional;

{1} How frequent do you utilize the application SPOMS for your purchasing needs?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation/status/preference among the list presented;
Obligatoriness: Optional;
Type: Single-Choice;

Option List:
    1: Rarely;
    2: Sometimes;
    3: Frequently;
    4: Always;

Answer: Always;

{2} How would you rate your experience with the application SPOMS?
Instructions: Enter a numeric value, between the values 0 and 5, representing your satisfaction/preference relative to topic at hand;
Obligatoriness: Optional;
Type: Numeric;

Answer: 4;

{3} What's your opinion regarding the selection of smartphones available in the application SPOMS?
Instructions: Please select a single option which is applicable to your current situation/status/preference among the list presented;
Obligatoriness: Optional;
Type: Single-Choice;

Option List:
    1: Bad;
    2: Decent;
    3: Good;
    4: Great;

Answer: Decent;

{4} Please specify in your opinion what changes could be implemented in order to turn your experience more pleasant?
Instructions: Type your answer relative to the question at hand;
Obligatoriness: Condition Dependent (If answered either "Bad" or "Decent" in Question #3);
Type: Free-Text;

Answer: The application comes off as an extremely useful and innovative tool, surprassing amazon's services. However, in order to improve my experience I would highly suggest (demand) that the CEO, Picoyo Piccoli Piccolini, would fill the background of the app, turning all the icons picoyo's themed. This would certainly expand the brand's business model and tear amazon down. Fuch that Bezos bitch; 


                                    END OF SURVEY

Thank you for completing the survey.
Your help and collaboration is instrumental towards our goal of providing our customers the most enjoyable and fruitful experience.
We continue to strive in defining the golden standard in the market.
